Conversation JS HTTP Quickstart (#1154)
dapr/quickstarts: conversation/javascript/http/README.md

> # Dapr Conversation API (Go HTTP)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Dapr Conversation API (JS HTTP)
```

1. Install dependencies:

<!-- STEP
name: Install Node dependencies for conversation
-->

```bash
cd ./conversation
npm install
```

<!-- END_STEP -->

2. Open a new terminal window and run the multi app run template:

<!-- STEP
name: Run multi app run template
expected_stdout_lines:
  - '== APP - conversation == Input sent: What is dapr?'
  - '== APP - conversation == Output response: What is dapr?'
expected_stderr_lines:
output_match_mode: substring
match_order: none
background: true
sleep: 15
timeout_seconds: 30
-->

```bash
dapr run -f .
```

The terminal console output should look similar to this, where:

- The app sends an input `What is dapr?` to the `echo` Component mock LLM.
- The mock LLM echoes `What is dapr?`.

```text
== APP - conversation == Input sent: What is dapr?
== APP - conversation == Output response: What is dapr?
```

<!-- END_STEP -->

3. Stop and clean up application processes.

<!-- STEP
name: Stop multi-app run
sleep: 5
-->

```bash
dapr stop -f .
```

<!-- END_STEP -->

## Run the app individually

> 1. Open a terminal and run the `conversation` app. Build the dependencies if you haven't already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open a terminal and navigate to the `conversation` app. Install the dependencies if you haven't already.
```
